Welcome to @.
Welcome to @, #!
Aren't you tired during your travels? We have prepared a room for you on the second floor.
Hungry? Thirsty? What do you want, #?
Welcome to the best tavern in the whole valley!
Oh, another tired traveler. Come on, #, buy yourself something to drink.
Welcome to @! You won't find a better company than our drunks!
Have we met before, #?
Come on, drink!
My customers say it's the best tavern in the valley. And you know what, #? They are absolutely right!
Don't just stand there, #, buy yourself something to drink.
My visitors are the best people you will ever meet. Isn't that right, friends? Well, back to the booze... What do you want?
This place is called @, # for a reason.
Do you want to relax? We have a couple of rooms available on the second floor.
Is this your first time in these parts, #? You should get to know my guests. They're funny guys!
Why are you standing in the corner, #? Talk to someone!
I've seen a lot of things in my life, I've heard a lot.
If I were you, I would definitely buy something to drink from the innkeeper.
You're thirsty, I understand. Give me a couple of coins, I'll pour it for you.
If the tavern is very fun, if its visitors are interesting and friendly, then you can ignore the quality of the drinks.
The best drinks of Middle-earth are only in @!
You again, #?
No pets allowed! Just like the orcs! And even more so, the hill-men!
One day a guy came to me, he was mad... He kept saying that my tavern wasn't real, and that our whole world was just a mad scientist's fantasy. Poor guy... I've had too much to drink... too much.
Close the door behind you, #.
Even the elves come to listen to our storytellers!
We are friends of elves and dwarves, but the servants of darkness are not welcome here!
Salted fish, and even with ale, finger-lickin' good!
I saw a strange ranger recently, and he was so evil.
Beware of the northern savages, they are strange, even though they are at war with the orcs.
Would you like some fish soup? I just made it.
